Japan. Here's the starting lineup for
Tunisia listed as the home side.
>> And Tunisia with four changes coming
into this game. They have quality and
they have pride. So, they will be
determined to get a positive result out
of this game. The three center backs,
it's on them to keep this team organized
and produce a stingy defensive
performance against a high quality
Netherlands attack. Scary in the
midfield will not only screen the back
line, but he will be the one to mobilize
the attack. But it's going to come down
to Hannibal up top getting him on the
ball to generate chances in front of
goal. And as for Netherlands, only one
change for them. That means the emphasis
is on winning this game and finishing
top of the group. Tonight, a lot of that
starts in the midfield with Grab and the
Youngs. They have to get the balance
right between mixing up their runs in
the attack versus when they keep the
game in front of them. But up top, it is
all about Gakpo and Broby. They're both
off to a wonderful start in this
tournament. So building on that form is
going to be essential to them getting
the result that they want to tonight.
>> It's a good fan countdown as it's played
all the way to the back initially to
Verberen,
the number one goalkeeper for the
Netherlands.
>> Glimpse of what I believe this majority
of this game is going to look like.
Tunisia is going to sit back, stay
compact, and then look for these moments
in the wide areas to break out into the
attack. They do get numbers forward on A
BALL PLAYED ACROSS. THAT COULD HAVE BEEN
a game's first goal. What an K for
Manchester City. Van Dijk into the
middle.
Dong got it right and gets it right
back. Frankie Dong drops it back. Vaneka
expect the Ducks have a lot of
possession this afternoon in Kansas
City.
offici
picked up into the box and then THE
CROSS COMES OVER AND THERE'S THE FIRST
GOAL FOR the Netherlands.
This is what it's going to look like the
majority of this game with the
possession in favor of Netherlands
greatly and just trying to pin back
Tunisia. But this is why you want to
play a first time ball in. does not
allow them to get set. Tunisia
defensively and then just the last
second a bit lazy in that ability
defensively to try to clear the lines
just swings his foot at it. That ball
has enough pace on it but that is why
for Tunisia of when they're just going
to be compact sit back in these moments
and when they're going to try to go in
numbers quickly into the into the attack
moving forward on the back heel. Very
fancy there.
The foul is given.
Women's World Cup, now men's World Cup
as well.
This free kick of about 23 or so yards
away.
Floated in headed down as A PASS AND NOW
THE DUCKS HAVE SCORED.
Third goal for Brian Doby and the
Netherlands have the two goal lead.
Was a dream start for the Netherlands
just capitalizing on the chances that
they've had. But it's a lovely little
flipped in ball to the far post. But
just look at the lack of marking. If
there's one thing if you're Tunisia and
you want to come in, you want to make a
statement and try to course correct with
some of the results you've gotten in the
first two games, then it starts
defensively. You have to get touched
tight inside the 18 yd box. Everybody's
loose. Broy especially his third of the
tournament so far. Just an easy tap in
as that ball's played.
>> This Doomfreeze
Van Heeka who plays for Brighton
out on the wing. Dutch have four players
in the box. A deflected ball picked up
blocked.
Tunisia will try to move it out quickly.
Here they come as the Netherlands
retreat.
Play into the box and it's just tackled
away at the last moment. Valerie with
that good cross.
Gabri
give cleared out
side is Alex.
They will go with the short corner. Not
a decoy.
>> Almost gave it right back. Valerie pings
one in. Had it right at goal.
>> Well, they are good on set pieces.
Tunisia
>> to the right
for the Netherlands.
Pushed ahead. That's going to be knocked
away. Settled there outside of the box.
Now inside the run by Rinders. It's
going to go out.
Pressed by Gato. Cleared by Domin
got it back into the middle. Grabber
fires it. Took a deflection. It's wide.
It's out for a corner. Goes short as
Dong goes over
and he played outside of the box. Driven
high and wide
>> right back down into the turf. Raven
Burke with that pass.
Dong central.
Raven Burke. Broy holds. Leaves it.
Quick shot. Went wide.
>> Deflection. Corner again.
>> Driven to the middle. Headed away.
Picked up. Set in wide and headed
towards this right side. Grinders who
took that corner sending it right back
but right at goal.
>> Long distance free kick coming up and
they'll go short with it. Gabri from
distance fires it but that's well wide.
It be tough to beat Verugan from that
distance.
>> That's where Netherlands just has to
stay focused. Don't give anything away.
Keep possession. Really force Tunisia to
continue have to work defensively. Van
Dijk from Van Heeka. Deong
towards the middle looping ball update
shot taken. Stopped.
No rebound.
>> Be compact defensively. Don't give up
any more goals. That has to be the
focus.
Evidence may want to rest some players,
get them ready for the round of 32,
which starts really in a few days, the
next round.
A look there to the middle on the run.
Malon
Grinders
>> from distance noted down
block in front. Another attempted goal
is turned away.
>> But that should give some Tunisia some
confidence. Looked like it's going to be
in the back of the net for the third for
Netherlands. Wonderful.
>> There's a little vertical run from
Broine. Look at the players that he
attracts. three defenders on him. Drives
them all back. Opens up the space
underneath. And again, it looked like it
was going to be headed right to the top
corner, but Tunisia does well to come
in, intervene, make the block. And those
are the little things that they need to
go their way to start to
>> chucking it. Grabber's pass is blocked.
Annaval picks it up.
>> Finally, a break at the other end. kind
of leads the attack. Foilers join to
make it a fifth from distance. Now into
the box for a potential cross. Knocked
out
from the far side of the stadium.
>> Looking for their first goal of this
game. Trailing by two. Into the middle.
Headed down and they got it. Tunisia has
scored.
My story for his fifth international
goal. Big one
on set pieces. Hannibal is the one that
starts it. He's at the heart of the
attack that earns this corner kick. And
then just look at Moulei. Even though he
has players around him, excellent header
to that far post. Keeps it low. Doesn't
need to get too much on it. just
redirected to keep it on frame
>> as we just past the hour mark.
slow down considerably towards the end
of the first half actually than here in
the second even though we've seen a goal
>> near post head in go
undone street
van hecka got the head to it
complaints about a foul but this one We
think we'll stand.
>> And they've been probing. They've been
keeping possession, earning a free kick.
But that is an excellent near post run.
All he has to do is redirect it to keep
it on. So difficult. It actually looks
like it's going to go down as an own
goal because Van Heeka, look how far and
how high he gets. And just at the last
second, you can see Tunisia's trying to
make the play defensively.
Van Heeka's pass up the middle. Dutch
looking for more.
Hannibal out wide. It's opening up now.
The play slowed down considerably
from distance. It's an easy stop there.
Ducks looking for more.
Fion
over the top. Keeper came out. Nice play
but empty net shot off the crossbar.
looked like and then is cleared back
out. Dunk still putting the pressure on
Gako across. That's denied as well.
>> Oh, they got the crowd going now.
>> As fast as it went across, IT CAME BACK
ACROSS as
lovely idea though from
Ryers here. Just the awareness to see
that there's a little bit of
miscommunication between the goalkeeper
and defender. Who's coming out? Who's
going to make the play? Sees it open.
Just trying to loft it with the inside
of his foot.
Smane is one of those coming out.
>> Kadira and Ben Heida
>> off that long throw and his play has
resumed.
Netherlands with a 3-1 lead. We got all
these subs sorted out for you.
>> That's looking for one. Big save. Big
spill. Gako couldn't find it. And now
it's clear away.
Is up. So he'll be one of those coming
out.
That's Coupe Miners coming in.
Grinders
also out
Sanchitz
has given up in the group stage
time left a short looking down in the
box but does not get the call.
>> Yeah, it looked like a no a good no call
initially had just lost control of it
but that's the type of dynamism that you
want to see in between the lines.
Hamlet from distance fires. Tip save. A
beauty by Verugan.
>> Oh, one of the first times JP that we've
seen to get into these central areas.
Not a bad effort initially
from Ashawi to be able to get on the
half turn, get faced up, and just right
there at the last second, ball gets
poked loose and
he's out on the ground, but it looked
like a good no call. going underneath
it. leaning back
out
from the wall.
Florida up headed toward goal but right
at goal and do makes the line up looks
like
players on the yellow cards and those
will be wiped out after the group stage
played in towards goal and swept away at
the last moment. Diamond that looked
like a bigger challenge than it first
looked like and then a push there will
bail him out.
Play across by Talby
Hannibal.
That is it.
The Netherlands with a three to win over
Tunisia. It is time for us to go to
another game in Dallas. We go to Japan,
Sweden. Darren Fletcher, Owen Hargreaves
from Dallas Stadium.
One.